# I/O streams
This exercise is intended to reinforce basic stream file input/output.
It should mostly be review of things you have learned previously.

**Game plan:** 
- Read data from file
- Store the data in a vector
- Write the data to a different file

## Steps

### 1. Run project 'as is'
You should be able to build and run this program.
The provided project should produce an executable named `fstream`.

It doesn't do much yet, but `main` has been provided.

You should be able to run the program as

```
fstream -i input.txt -o output.txt
```

or see `fstream -h` for the options available.

The data structure `point` is defined for you in `point.h`.

A few functions have been stubbed out - just enough
for the program to compile and run.

The remaining lab steps will involve implementing the
stubbed out functions and creating a few new ones.

### 2. Function `operator>>(istream&, point)`
Implement a stream insertion overload for a `point`.

The function should assume that points are read in `x` first,
then a comma, then `y`.

### 3. Function `read_points`
Implement the function `read_points`:

```
std::vector<point> read_points(const std::string& fname);
```

This function should use the function from the previous step to
fill a vector

Ensure your function fail gracefully.

Check your file stream before use.

### 4. Function `operator<<(ostream&, point)`
Implement a stream extraction overload for a `point`.

The function should assume that points are written
using the same pattern as applied in the stream insertion overload.

### 5. Function `operator<<(ostream&, vector<point>)`
Implement a stream extraction overload for a `vector<point>`.

Use the function from the previous step to handle each point
in the vector.

### 6. Function `write_points`
Implement the function `write_points`.

```
void write_points(const vector<point>& points, const string& fname);
```

Check your file stream before use.

### 7. Compare files
If all the previous steps are correct,
then the input file and output file should be identical.


## Turnitin
There is a simple test target for step7.

It simply compares the expected output to the output
generated by the copies program.
If you have finished, then this test should pass.

- Add your new and modified files: `git add . . . `
- Save your changes: `git commit . . . `
- Submit your work for grading: `git push`


